In Hungary people have to ask vaccination officially from the authorities.  Your application helped to collect and store required data. 

The Operating  Committee (parent process) has two vaccination buses (children).  The  Operating  Committee  has a meeting each day early in the morning and they decide the daily work then.  The capacity of a vaccination bus is only 5 person. (You need long time for a slow work ;) )  If there is enough person in the morning who asked vaccination (and they are not vaccinated yet), one of the  vaccination bus or both of them start to work.   (One vaccination bus starts if there are more than 4 person who want vaccination, two buses start if there are at least 10 person who wait for vaccination. 

When a vaccination bus starts  it sends a  "FIGHT UP" signal to the Operating Committee that they need the list of persons (5 names) to be vaccinated.  The Operation Committee getting the signal reads the next persons data (5 or 10), writes them on the screen (it means in real world to send  SMS to the patients)  and send them also to the bus(es) using pipe. The bus reads the data and write them on the screen. The patients arrive in time to the vaccination spot with the rate of 90% (use random numbers).  After vaccination the bus(es) sends back the vaccinated persons data to the Committee through pipe.  The Committee add a "VACCINATED" remark to everybody' data in the file who were vaccinated. 

Next day starts similarly - may be there are newly added names in the list.  The Operating  Committee starts the vaccination bus(es) if there are more then 4 person who asked vaccination and not vaccinated yet.

Implement the task in C language - based on your data . The solution must be executable on a posix compliant operating system server .  You have to present your solution to your practice teacher within one week after the deadline.